hey everyone Brad Nelson for Brad Rance
comm here was another product review
today today we're gonna talk about
energy are you a person who wakes up
grabs reaches for the coffee or a pop or
something to pick you up right away in
the morning or do you grab a diet soda
or soda in the middle of the afternoon
where you're looking for a pick-me-up
because you're crashing off of energy
because you just say too many
carbohydrates or something for lunch
that's another story that's another blog
topic but today I want to talk about my
personal favorite supplement on the
market it's a powder that you mix with
water
it's called spark it's an energy drink
from AdvoCare there's actually a spark
comparison sheet to some other products
on the market that you would use for
energy whether it's coffee Red Bull
Starbucks things like that highly highly
productive product it enhances energy
sharpens mental focus it's sugar free
that's a big key in energy drinks out
there a lot of energy drinks are loaded
with sugar spark is sugar free comes in
five flavors grape fruit punch mandarin
orange cherry and citrus my favorite
personally is fruit punch and comes in
packets like this in a box or it comes
in a canister which is 50 servings which
is convenient to have at home the
packets are convenient to travel with on
the road in your purse in your gym bag
whatever you take it 30 minutes before
breakfast
or launch or before working out give you
a killer workout again it's that mental
focus
you will fatigue mentally before you
fatigue physically and if you can have
that mental focus to to go on you will
have a better workout and it will also
enhance your fat loss efforts so if you
have any questions or if you've got
great results with spark leave your
comments on the blog and if you'd like
to pick some spark up you can do so by
going to the link below thanks
you